
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

<!-- badges: start -->

[![R build
status](https://github.com/trashbirdecology/parrottraits/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/trashbirdecology/parrottraits/actions)
<https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/figures/lifecycle-experimental.svg>
<!-- badges: end -->

# About 

**To cite the Parrot Traits database or companion R package ()**

    #> 
    #>   Burgio, K. R., Davis, K. E., Dreiss, L. M., Cisneros, L. M.,
    #>   Klingbeil, B. T., Presley, S. J., & Willig, M. R. (2019).
    #>   Phylogenetic supertree and functional trait database for all extant
    #>   parrots. Data in brief, 24, 103882.
    #> 
    #> A BibTeX entry for LaTeX users is
    #> 
    #>   @Article{,
    #>     title = {Phylogenetic supertree and functional trait database for all extant parrots.},
    #>     author = {{Burgio} and K. R. and {Davis} and K. E. and {Dreiss} and L. M. and {Cisneros} and L. M. and {Klingbeil} and B. T. and {Presley} and S. J. and & Willig and M. R.},
    #>     journal = {Data in brief},
    #>     year = {2019},
    #>     volume = {24},
    #>     number = {103882},
    #>     url = {https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2352340919302331},
    #>   }
    #> 
    #>   Burnett, J.L. and K.R. Burgio. parrottraits: an R package for
    #>   interfacing with the Parrot Traits Database
    #> 
    #> A BibTeX entry for LaTeX users is
    #> 
    #>   @Misc{,
    #>     title = {parrottraits: an R package for interfacing with the Parrot Traits Database},
    #>     author = {{Burnett} and {J.L.} and K.R. Burgio},
    #>     url = {https://github.com/trashbirdecology/parrottraits/},
    #>   }

## Installation

Install the development version from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("trashbirdecology/parrottraits", force=FALSE)
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the parrottraits project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://trashbirdecology.github.io/parrottraits//CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## USGS Disclaimers

*“These data are preliminary or provisional and are subject to revision.
They are being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The
data have not received final approval by the U.S. Geological Survey
(USGS) and are provided on the condition that neither the USGS nor the
U.S. Government shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the
authorized or unauthorized use of the data.” “This information is
preliminary or provisional and is subject to revision. It is being
provided to meet the need for timely best science. The information has
not received final approval by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and is
provided on the condition that neither the USGS nor the U.S. Government
shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or
unauthorized use of the information.” “This software is preliminary or
provisional and is subject to revision. It is being provided to meet the
need for timely best science. The software has not received final
approval by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). No warranty, expressed or
implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the
functionality of the software and related material nor shall the fact of
release constitute any such warranty. The software is provided on the
condition that neither the USGS nor the U.S. Government shall be held
liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use
of the software.” *
